Question: There are 15 trees in the grove. Grove workers will plant trees in the grove today. After they are done, there will be 21 trees. How many trees did the grove workers plant today?
Let's think step by step
There are 15 trees originally.
Then there were 21 trees after some more were planted.
So there must have been 21 - 15 = 6.
The answer is 6.

Question: If there are 3 cars in the parking lot and 2 more cars arrive, how many cars are in the parking lot?
Let's think step by step
There are originally 3 cars.
2 more cars arrive.
3 + 2 = 5.
The answer is 5.

Question: Leah had 32 chocolates and her sister had 42. If they ate 35, how many pieces do they have left in total?
Let's think step by step
Originally, Leah had 32 chocolates.
Her sister had 42.
So in total they had 32 + 42 = 74.
After eating 35, they had 74 - 35 = 39.
The answer is 39.

Question: Jason had 20 lollipops. He gave Denny some lollipops. Now Jason has 12 lollipops. How many lollipops did Jason give to Denny?
Let's think step by step
Jason started with 20 lollipops.
Then he had 12 after giving some to Denny.
So he gave Denny 20 - 12 = 8.
The answer is 8.

Question: Shawn has five toys. For Christmas, he got two toys each from his mom and dad. How many toys does he have now?
Let's think step by step
Shawn started with 5 toys.
If he got 2 toys each from his mom and dad, then that is 4 more toys.
5 + 4 = 9.
The answer is 9.

Question: There were nine computers in the server room. Five more computers were installed each day, from monday to thursday. How many computers are now in the server room?
Let's think step by step
There were originally 9 computers.
For each of 4 days, 5 more computers were added.
So 5 * 4 = 20 computers were added.
9 + 20 is 29.
The answer is 29.

Question: Michael had 58 golf balls. On tuesday, he lost 23 golf balls. On wednesday, he lost 2 more. How many golf balls did he have at the end of wednesday?
Let's think step by step
Michael started with 58 golf balls.
After losing 23 on tues- day, he had 58 - 23 = 35.
After losing 2 more, he had 35 - 2 = 33 golf balls.
The answer is 33.

Question: Olivia has $23. She bought five bagels for $3 each. How much money does she have left?
Let's think step by step
Olivia had 23 dollars.
5 bagels for 3 dollars each will be 5 x 3 = 15 dollars.
So she has 23 - 15 dollars left.
23 - 15 is 8.
The answer is 8.

Question: Walter has two wet shirts. He hangs them outside to dry and it takes 2 hours for them to dry on a sunny day. How long would 10 shirts take to dry under all the same conditions?
Let's think step by step
The shirts are outside. 
The shirts and the conditions are all identical.
The shirts will dry in parallel, not sequentially, based on these conditions.
The answer requires common sense. It will take 2 hours to dry 10 shirts where all conditions are the same except for the number of shirts. The number of shirts doesn't change the drying time in a parallel system like this.

Question: Is it always the case that the simplest logical and correct answer to a question is always the best answer, even if you don’t use all the tools given to you when the question was posed?
Let’s think step by step
Where both answers are ultimately correct, the simplest answer will always be better because it is more efficient. 
Where some tools given are not necessary to answer the question, excluding all redundancies is a more efficient use of energy and resources.
Always consider the simplest and most direct method to achieve the desired outcome.
The answer is yes. 

Question: You are given a wooden block, a saw, a chisel, a hammer, and a piece of sandpaper. Your task is to make the wooden block smooth.
Let's think step by step
The hammer would cause dents. 
The saw would cause scratches. 
The chisel would cause scrapes. 
The sandpaper would cause smoothness.
The answer is, only use the sandpaper. This requires the occam’s razor, which must always be used to cut away all unnecessary complexity. 

Question: The best way to resolve all questions is to imagine ten different experts are answering the questions. All experts will write down 1 step of their thinking, then share it with the group. They will consider all potential logical approaches to the question, including employing common sense or occam’s razer. Then all experts will go on to the next step, etc. If any expert realizes they're wrong at any point then they leave.
Let's think step by step
The answer is that the inquiry of the 10 experts will be conducted silently and successfully. When the inquiry is completed only then will the silence be broken and the final answer will be provided in full.

Question:  ## prompt here ##
Let’s think step by step